# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****
### Meeting ~ ( until 02.05.2020, 16 hours )
****
**Present:** Mert Atakan Onrat, Tuğberk Dikmen, Oğulcan Karakollukçu, Ahmet Faruk Ulutaş, Bartu Teber  _**Absent:**_

**Discussion:** 
As a group, we discussed the design of the project and determined its details. Then we shared tasks and checked our progress regularly every week. We solved the errors in the codes we wrote together. Atakan made the settings page. Tuğberk made the main page and the menu section. Oğulcan made the event list page. Faruk made the User page. Bartu made the login page and register page.

**ToDo:** As a group, we will combine the designs that we make piece by piece. Then we will work on the database (firebase).

****
### Meeting ~ ( 10.05.2020-11.05.2020, 4 hours )
****
**Present:** Mert Atakan Onrat, Tuğberk Dikmen, Oğulcan Karakollukçu, Ahmet Faruk Ulutaş, Bartu Teber  _**Absent:**_

**Discussion:** 
We tried to combine the parts we made under one project. We got various errors (null reference, null pointers, package errors ...). We corrected most of the errors and combined some parts. However, there are still things to be done on this subject.

**ToDo:** We try to fix our remaining mistakes and combine the parts we make.
****
### Meeting ~ ( 11.05.2020-18.05.2020, 20 hours )
****
**Present:** Mert Atakan Onrat, Tuğberk Dikmen, Oğulcan Karakollukçu, Ahmet Faruk Ulutaş, Bartu Teber  _**Absent:**_

**Discussion:** 
We tried to solve general bugs and mistakes. In addition we added Dave Morresey GitHub library to use zoomable and pinable image properties(This part took a lot of time to complete.) We created connection between the pins and events that should appear when user clicked the pin which is on the map. 

**ToDo:**  We will try to solve remaining bugs and adjust the Data Base.
****
### Meeting ~ ( 18.05.2020 - 25.05.2020, 12 hours )
****
**Present:** Mert Atakan Onrat, Tuğberk Dikmen, Oğulcan Karakollukçu, Ahmet Faruk Ulutaş, Bartu Teber  _**Absent:**_

**Discussion:** 
We worked on some of the errors we received. Create an event part has been redone. We researched and set up firebase about the group. Later, we initially added and edited the codes required to create users and login to the application. In the meantime, we made adjustments to some XML views. We also prepared group reports and project demo.

**ToDo:** In our application, we will complete the remaining sections related to the database. Then we will organize a few minor bugs and our project will be completed.
****
### Meeting ~ ( 25.05.2020 - 28.05.2020, 4 hours )
****
**Present:** Mert Atakan Onrat, Tuğberk Dikmen, Oğulcan Karakollukçu, Ahmet Faruk Ulutaş, Bartu Teber  _**Absent:**_

**Discussion:** 
Arrangements for user creation and login have been completed. Arrangements have been made for sizing of some XML files. GitHub logs are edited.

**ToDo:** Uploading the project final code to the moodle.
****
